There's one last part we want to talk about before wrapping up some of the
things that we've done with JPA annotations, and that's named queries. We've
kind of gone through and shown you all of the best practices while going
through and introducing you to these annotations.
You'd rather learn it the right way than go through and learn
how to do it and then find out there's a much better way after
the fact. With named queries,
we can clean up some of the ad‑hoc SQL that's in our repository fields.
One of the nice things about this is we can use named
parameters and things like that as well.
So it's a lot cleaner than ad‑hoc JPQL or what looks
like SQL inside of our objects.
It's not required,
but it focuses on the domain. So we can put these named queries wherever
we want, but usually we store them in our domain objects. And we can use
named parameters. If we're going to be substituting anything in query
strings or search parameters, things of that nature, we can have named
parameters that we're doing those substitution is with. It's a lot
cleaner approach.
How this works is we take and define our named query at the top of our object.
In this example I've got here, we're in the registration object.
And we take that JPQL out of our repository and add it as a named query inside of our registration object.